i think you killed my father give me an hour
to get to her hair you'll never see me again no
we could have been so happy no no no no no
i need help in here i heard dr manning was in
an accident dr marcel who are you i'm her fiance
they found a mass adenocarcinoma i don't want
anyone to know i don't want to be the sickers
i'm leaving bed i'm never going to be
able to get past what happened here
i need a fresh start i'm so sorry natalie what
are you doing here i don't want you coming around
here again we're getting married what i don't
remember you asking me to marry you my lymphoma
is progressing and there's nothing more they can
do i want to be there for all of it welcome back
and the concussion i mean i'm taking it slowly oh
no now you were burning up and now you're on chemo
for breast cancer i'm going to be careful i just
have to ask do you love him my relationship with
philip is the only thing in my life that's working
right now come on maggie i need to take a minute
that crockett guy what's the deal with him i'm not
sure he's my speed strikes miss someone doesn't
take things seriously we told your supervisor we
didn't want you treating our daughter i just need
to check one dr manny don't you feel worn down
from your king if you don't want us to treat you
medically then you're getting help i'm gonna want
to oversee all your cases until we know that tbi
is isn't adversely affecting your patients
you don't have the authority it's for your
own protection depression you scare people with
diagnoses and then you sell them on treatments
they don't need this is the second time this month
parents have lost faith in your judgment no hey
bert what are you doing these two people went
through a terrible divorce they haven't talked
to each other for a year i just want him to be
happy that's it sure bert no more we're going home
he needs these antibiotics now no hey take care
are you on your mind security it's okay buddy
everything truth is she chose phillip right that
night in my car she was coming to show me her ring
i don't know what she was gonna say to you but
i do know she wasn't gonna show you any ring
this cancer's a heavy lift but there's strength in
community once i let him in it was a real comfort
he slipped the ring on your finger when
you're unconscious he's lying to you
it doesn't matter because it's over i know he
said someday but you make the best mom ever
i'm sorry i just i should have done
something said something get out of my life
is this what i think it is uh fertility chart
just seeing the chart it's like you can get a
little overzealous hey get off here hug [ __ ] it
would jump from here gang initiation what if you
found somewhere else to stay thank you i'm ben
maggie you know i should probably eat an actual
lunch after this i don't like to eat alone this
has been my date okay my lips are still tingling
i like to call it exactly what it is low ovarian
reserve i'm the reason we haven't gotten pregnant
guys you told me to get out of your life we
aren't good for one another i'm sorry natalie
look i just want to make sure i'm not the problem
i don't even know if i want a baby anymore
i don't know what's going on between us
but maybe it's a good thing i'm going away
i want you to remarry she wants you
to remember her the way she is tonight
but dad i'm never gonna see her again
let me let you uh under the influence of drugs
right now you all were handing out oxys like
candy and now i'm lift a fin for myself but i want
to help you now you and i agreed what happened was
in state i have to tell ethan 35 year old female
looks like an od let's go clear come on i'm sorry
april sexton will you marry me i don't think
i can have kids i love you no matter what okay
the looks of that rock i'm guessing you didn't
tell ethan no i didn't and i would appreciate
it if you didn't mention it again mention what
i'm proposing opening a safe injection site at
the hospital preventing deaths would save
the hospital money in the long run allow
drug use on our premises appear nightmare
i want us to try to get pregnant again
there's another way on sanctions site but they're
illegal you could lose your license you in
amen your narcan inhaler you overdosed
but you're gonna be all right you
have to work out whatever feelings
you're having about dr marcel fast
i met you this morning i'm gonna try to turn
things around good you're letting this get way too
personal will it never a good idea for god's sakes
isn't it personal you lost a brother to drugs
dr hannah asher gynecology we are three weeks
into ivf you know what they say blinking the kids
are growing how about you and i keep our distance
from one another just as soon as you stop treating
patients and seek treatment for your addiction
if i go down so do you so does the sight crack
it it's okay what happens in the past i can't
remember what it was no you won't turn yourself in
i can't let this go on i thought we had an
understanding you can't possibly know what it's
like every day i say i'm gonna quit now we just
have to set up the nursery but in the meantime
how about that date i will turn myself in i
can go with you yeah like that come to my place
your patient and her baby almost died today
while you're off somewhere getting high you think
whatever you want to where's your hormone therapy
going it feels like my skin is crawling with hands
how lucky am i to have found you you give me
hope then what do you need a favor it was a
mistake thinking you'd turn yourself in i'm
a horrible person aren't i no you're human
it must have been an agonizing decision turning
in hannah i think he did the right thing
you're officially in your mission if you have
one wish right now what would it be to spend my
life with you you know you better not be playing
with me because you know i'd marry you tomorrow
after inseminating the eggs none of them
fertilized you can start another cycle in
as little as six weeks i'll do it you know i
was just trying don't come back again go go
i'm sorry i couldn't let you keep treating
patients i had to make your addiction known what
you did was a betrayal you're an excellent doctor
i wasn't about to let you throw your life away
it's beautiful ben you're beautiful
i pronounce you husband and wife
you're right you gave me my life back april
really huh all this time acting like friends
this is augie one of my students i haven't been
able to reach his foster mom it's too much and i
can't no it's a sick kid that day when i found out
i couldn't have children you pushed me away and
ran into another man's arms you want to come up
just wonder if that's a good idea there's actually
very little difference between drug addiction
and romance addiction let's go up and discuss it
dcfs is gonna start looking for a new foster
placement tomorrow and we'll spend the night
with anki it was so easy for me to see crockett
as the problem whatever happened between me and in
the past i get it now because it's been a really
good couple of weeks yeah it has and not just us
we have been knocking out of the park really proud
of you because the real problem was always right
here whatever it is you want it isn't me dad are
they gonna separate you from me oh yes because you
haven't been a very good dad i promise i'm gonna
do better and detectives bridges and haze from
the new orleans police department oh my stopping
grounds oh yeah i got the last of my stuff out of
your apartment so here investigating a murder from
seven years back well what they want with you get
the impression they think i'm a suspect because
they claim to have gotten my dna at the scene
yeah you are love i was afraid you'd
abandoned me we used to date about a year ago
another part of my past i'm trying to put behind
me judge just gave us a warrant for his arrest
detective i am not interrupting a surgery on
an 11 year old child for any reason besides
my neighbor he got shot where was he shot i
think in the stomach please he's only nine
hey let's go shoot don't shoot hey take
it easy i just want to help the boy
fine but if you try anything i won't
he's baby she died from leukemia
not long after her first birthday but did you
donate bone marrow in the past yeah i did a
long time ago i suppose it's in my medical
record oh dude he's not resisting all right
ethan april you're making a mistake you've
got the wrong you said you found dr marcel's
dna at a murder scene seven years ago
a recipient of dr marcel's bone marrow
appreciate all your help yeah dr moody
told me about what happened with your baby
you